<div class=char-sub-header>Appearance</div>  She is well dressed in smart-looking and functional rangering clothing, but somehow also manages to make it look stylish.  Her hair is always immaculately braided and arranged in a way that would remind you of a younger girl, which is an outward reflection of Arissa's youthful spirit - literally everything is exciting and fun to her and she cannot contain her optimism most of the time.  In addition to her salon-quality hair she also has flawless makeup done to a level befitting the ladies of the court, and always looks on point when on a mission!
<div class=char-sub-header>Personality</div>  Arissa is, like Smim, from a wealthy background. You might even say she was spoiled, although despite this she is nowhere close to being as sheltered as he is, and she's certainly got bigger balls!
  The strange dichotomy of Arissa is that though she may be the pretty, feminine, fashionable rich girl, she is also most at home out in the wilds of nature, roughing it on the rocks with only a fur to sleep on.  She's spent hundreds of hours learning bushcraft and tracking skills, interacting with animals, learning how to be a proficient archer/slinger, and as such is probably the most professionally skilled in the whole group (unless you count breaking things as a profession, in which case Brob gives her a run for her money).
  Arissa's daddy paid for her training while the others who weren't so lucky were busy doing child labour or running around the streets - so it makes sense that she's the most qualified.
  Around her neck can be seen a 'magic' crystal that is mounted into a simple metal casing and suspended on a humble chain.  This crystal is actually one of several which Arissa normally carries and changes out depending on her mood.  She is obsessed with the magic within and is determined to teach herself how to use it one day - since the nice lady selling them told her she had the gift.  Only Smim humours this ridiculous notion, but then he is willing to suspend all rationality in the hopes of winning Arissa's attention.
  The rest of the group think it's a load of nonsense, but are generally too polite to say.  When someone is so excitable and cheerful you feel like a horrible bastard for deflating them, even if you're completely in the right!
<div class=char-sub-header>Goals</div>  Despite her sunshine personality and girly demeanour, Arissa is no pushover and no soft petal either.  She is perfectly ready to get into a scrap and dish out some damage - having been trained by another one of daddy's hired tutors to be proficient in hand to hand combat as well as with her ranged weapons... much to the enraged Sephra's chagrin in one particular encounter...
  When it comes to goals, Arissa's are unclear.  She seems to be adventuring more for the experience and the fun of it than because she has any specific goals - it may not be the most specific of lifestyles, but she seems content enough!
<div class=char-sub-header>Relationships</div>  When it comes to inter-personal skills, Arissa isn't the worst amongst them because she is so upbeat, but she doesn't exactly focus on the matter at hand.  Nor does she have much of use to say a lot of the time, being mostly preoccupied with animals and nature and crystals.
  It can be frustrating for most of the group to try and talk to her, so she tends to stick with Trufty whom she gets along with fabulously, the prissy knight being as interested in hairstyles as she is has lead to them becomes besties for life.
  Though Smim is quite obviously smitten with her, Arissa either seems not to notice - or pretends not to.  She expertly avoids the subject without insulting him, and manages to remain polite and friendly anyway.
