  What is there to say about Ol' Beetroot?  He's been around the block several thousand times in his long and degenerate life, and he's not afraid to recite a few tales of the glory days to anyone who will listen (or at least politely pretend to, while really looking for an excuse to leave)
  Back in the day of course, he was a stud.  The alpha male.  A Demigod among men.  He couldn't walk down the street without girls fainting around him.  That's what he'd tell you anyway.
  Beyond the fibs he constantly preaches, nothing is truly known about Beetroot's past (such as how he got his ridiculous name, if it even is his real name).  His present is a lonely existence, rotting away in a mouldering old farmhouse and slowly going insane.  Since his main source of company is his sheep (reknowned for being the most handsome sheep around mind you!) he has a habit of talking to animals and inanimate objects as if they can understand him.
  He's a lech and a pervert, and young women would be advised to steer clear of him unless they've got a penchant for administering violent lessons in behaviour.  Young sheep would also be well advised to avoid him, if you could somehow communicate it to them.  There are many nasty rumours about Beetroot.
  As an old farmhand, he is almost bent double due to his awful back problems - his spinal discs bulge more than Brob's muscles - and this is worsened by age which is slowly pulling him down towards the ground.  Eventually it'll get him properly and he'll end up six feet down, but until then he'll continue boozing and generally being unpleasant.
  He wears simple, raggedy clothing that hasn't seen a wash (never mind a repair) for several years and stinks to high heaven, and atop his head is a home made straw hat that is fraying around the edges.  Beneath this hat sits his weatherbeaten mush, a ruddy-brown cacophony of wrinkles with some patchy white beard drooping from it and beady little black eyes squinting out.  Having lost most of his teeth, his face looks almost squashed, giving it a comical look.

