  Bog Street is just about the poorest, nastiest, smelliest, most depressing place you could imagine in an urban environment.  Nobody that lives there ever planned on ending up in the gutter, but sometimes life deals you harsh blows - it might be that you're simply unlucky, but more often than not it's because you make bad decisions and you're an impoverished buffoon.  Bog Street is so repulsive that even the street dogs are disgusted by the mess - and dogs like to roll around in poop!
  Nestled within the shadow of taller, prettier buildings, Bog Street's ramshackle wooden hovels stand.  Well... stand is a strong word... more like they huddle in shame, sagging and rotting with decay and disrepair after sticking around a few decades longer than they really should have.  But that is the way of Bog Street's buildings and it's people - somehow persevering against all odds.
  Even though it is a poverty-stricken, disease-ridden, corpse-littered hell-hole of villainy, the folks who live on Bog Street are fiercely proud of where they come from and mate if you say one bad word about Bog Street they'll kick your head in alright mate??
  In fact the easiest way to break up a fight down those parts is to say something negative about the place - anyone previously fighting will team up to destroy you, becoming good friends in the process.
  There's not a whole lot of commerce going on - at least not legal commerce anyway - outside of Sephra's apothecary shop (which is really a glorified herb stall) but there's a few vendors here and there trying to scratch a living flogging dead pigeons and the odd crusty bun to passers by.  If you really want to make some money though, you'll have to be willing to inflict grievous bodily harm on someone, or be happy to go and steal from the richer folk uptown.  This doesn't leave a lot of room for good people, but they are there nonetheless, pinching their purses with the power of a drunk lobster gripping the bar so he doesn't fall over.  This serves two purposes - it keeps them just about in the black enough to buy food, and it also keeps the pickpockets out.
  It's a sad existence on Bog Street, with no upward trajectory in sight for almost everyone there, but it is an inevitability in cities where there is no welfare or investment aimed at the poorest.  It's dog-eat-dog and only the strong and stubborn survive.  If nothing else, Bog Street builds character.

