Brob is rock personified.  It's hard to believe he was actually born to a human mother, rather than that he simply broke off a cliff face one day and rolled down a mountainside, coming to a stop at the bottom in a roughly human shape.
He's far shorter than Rack and Bydalo, and even makes Smim and Trufty look tall.  Next to Sephra he is of a similar height, though due to his massively swollen muscles he appears larger.  Despite the height disparity, Brob weighs more than the mighty Rack and is not at all concerned about throwing this weight around.  His manner could be described as that of an excitable rhino with impaired vision and total lack of apology - though he is always as equally jovial as he is prickly.  As a result, he is extremely likeable as you always know where you stand with Brob.  The only time he's ever beaten about the bush would maybe have been in a past life as a boar.
Brob's head is exquisitely cleanly shaven and he takes great pride in his dome acting as a reflector of light and awkward faces.  This pride pales into insignificance next to the love he has for his awe-inspiring red moustache though, which dominates his upper lip and branches out before his cheeks.  It is unacceptable to Brob to have so much as a stray hair, and to keep things under control he always keeps some wax handy and will constantly be tweaking and twizzling and smoothing himself down like a self conscious gorilla.  Observing his moustache movements is an excellent way to gauge Brob's feelings (if his words and actions weren't already obvious enough).  
Ever the showman, Brob loves being a professional strongman.  The bigger the object, and the larger the crowd there to observe, the happier Brob is.  He is no arrogant show-off however, but more like an entertainer and competitor.  If he can do it harder, heavier or faster than someone else, Brob will do it no questions asked.
Never known to back down from a fight, Brob is a lethal force with any kind of weapon - improvised or not - and possibly even more so without one.  The only thing getting more destroyed than Brob's opponents is any food to be found in the vicinity.
  Most of his time is spent chumming around with Rack, making silly jokes and being boisterous and cheerful.  They are both very entertaining and keep everyone's spirits up with their antics, though there is the occasional fracas when Brob knocks something over or smashes something - but that's just par for the course!
