  Chauncey is an all-round undesirable person.  Not only does he lack personal hygiene but his general attitude is as sour as his armpits, and he doesn't really seem to care.  He is very socially awkward, but also disagreeable enough that he'll make a fuss, be rude, and insult people who he doesn't like - which is basically everyone except himself.
  He is a strange combination of both insufferable arrogance and crushing self esteem issues.  He is very intelligent and valuable, given his magical abilities which are unbelievably rare, but he is also aware of this, and believes that the world owes him some kind of special treatment as a result.  Then, when he doesn't get this special treatment because he is smelly and unpleasant to be around, this becomes resentment because the world and humanity are so flawed and just don't see how great he is!  He is as aware of his own personality flaws as he is of his body odour - which is 'not enough'.
  However.  Since he is such a rare talent, he is indispensible to the government and cannot be allowed to go to waste tinkering away in some underground lair and discovering immortality through torturous experiments on demigods.  This is the source of his arrogance, as he believes himself both superior to regular people, as well as more important since he's working for the state.  Plus, he doesn't get out much, so that doesn't help!
  Though he has no sense of style, he does have a kind of personal 'uniform' which consists of baggy dark clothing that usually has the odd food stain on and does nothing to flatter his saggy body.  He carries his papers and whatnot in a single-strap bag that hangs across the shoulder and has clearly seen better days, and around his wrist he wears some contextually ill-fitting wristbands in some weak attempt to look fashionable.  His crowning glory however is his stylish hat - or what would have been a stylish hat 60 years before he was born.  Unfortunately, he is not the distinguished elder patriarch he wishes he was, and so it looks utterly ridiculous.
  To add to the visual nightmare that is Chauncey, he has left his facial hair grow to it's heart's content.  Unfortunately, his facial hair doesn't have much heart and so he is left with a couple of desperately lonely straggling hairs, mostly seeping out of his flabby double chin.  The end result is a look of permanent sweaty under-developed puberty.  As such, Chauncey is pretty much out of the gene pool - which is both a tragedy given his gifts, and a triumph given his awful personality.
  He has pretty much no redeeming qualities, save that he is too cowardly to strike out on his own and instead remains in the employ of the government - which at least prevents him from becoming a sort of psycho murder-wizard.  In addition to this, he is also quite an obsessive type, so any time he is researching something he dives deeply into it and doesn't come out until he has a thorough understanding of it.  This is how he has come to be indispensible and given quite a high level of responsibility, despite everybody wishing he'd trip and fall into magical wormhole and dissappear forever.

