  Freki is a natural born killer.  A knave and skullduggerer of ill-repute.  A thief and a murderer and a blaggard, and an altogether unpleasant sort.  His savagery and ruthlessness are legend, there are few who have crossed him and lived.  He has anger management issues and he refuses to talk to someone about it.
  He is a Lupredator, an anthropomorphic wolf-like creature that exists in sparse numbers in the Sheep dimension.  As Woolguards are to the flocks of sheep, Lupredators are to the packs of wolves that naturally predate upon them.  When the hunt is on, the Lupredators and Woolguards engage in the eternal struggle for survival and battle to the death for their respective groups.
  Standing taller than even Rack, with long and powerfully muscular (yet slender) limbs, Freki is an incredibly intimidating sight.  His skin is largely covered with dark fur, including an extended beard that ends in a curled point, as well as two pointed and hair-tipped ears.  His mouth is full of gnarly teeth that have seen a lifetime of blood and violence, with some of them being chipped or outright broken.  The voice that erupts from his mouth is ragged and powerful, caught somewhere between a bark and a low, distorted growl.
  His eyes closely resemble the wolves he commands, and are a bright and hypnotic yellow that blazes out from within the dark fur of his face.  There is a terrifying beauty to them, but to make eye contact with Freki is like challenging his dominant alpha status, and near enough a death sentence.
  Despite his leadership of The Pack, Freki is an individualistic and ambitious nightmare of machiavellian and sociopathic proportions, and he apparently lacks any kind of respect for the sanctity of life.  Any sheep or Woolguard that crosses his path WILL be slain and devoured - a death that will not necessarily be a quick one - and any wolf or Lupredator that he takes a disliking to usually suffers the same fate.
  Freki has no redeeming qualities, save that his existence serves to remind more decent folk that evil and wickedness are out there, and they're coming to get you, and you should bloody well be grateful for anything that stands between you and him - whether it be people, a wall, a government...

