<div class=char-sub-header>Appearance</div>  Rack is the classic adonis alpha male.  His jaw is so square he could rent it out to architects for drawing up blueprints, and his stubble never clocks in a minute past five.  Not only is he far taller than average, he also has broad shoulders that taper down to a narrow waist encased in protective and aesthetic abdominal muscles, and even his calves are in good shape!
  He has straight golden hair, a few inches in length and flopping so perfectly that you might even think he put time into it - though of course he did not.  He was much too rugged to spend any time on his appearance.
  As a result, his clothing is appalling, his wardrobe choices could only have been influenced by the homeless people shivering away on the city streets.  They are patchy and ill fitting, and they smell - and yet because it is Rack who wears them, it somehow works.  He has an effortless swagger and confidence that draws everything within a 5 foot radius like some kind of sexy black hole.
And you would too with a face like that!  His eyes are such a piercingly bright green that they practically glow in the dark.
<div class=char-sub-header>Personality</div>  The irony with Rack however, is that though he is confident (and charming women comes as easily to him as breathing) he has one not-so-subtle insecurity.  He believes himself a little slow and dim, despite in reality being of average intelligence.  This self doubt seems to stem from some pathology lying within that no amount of bar wenches or beer can resolve.
  Rather than worry about it overtly, however, he takes everything in stride and rarely ever expresses any form of negative emotion.  It's as though he is unaffected by whatever happens.
<div class=char-sub-header>Goals</div>  By profession, he is apparently some kind of rogue - an information gatherer, door opener, contact-maker.  He doesn't look the part, though his scruffy clothing may help him with disguising himself, but he does seem to have a knack for the dungeoneering business - as well as fighting.  Any athletic pursuit is also pretty much a given talent for Rack with his strength and excellent coordination.
<div class=char-sub-header>Relationships</div>  He gets along well with everybody he meets and socialising is effortless for him.  His deep voice and slow cadence are simply so charming and comforting that people cannot help but want to befriend him.  Being around such a man makes people feel great, and they laugh and smile more.
  Sephra in particular loves being around Rack and flirting playfully, and he's perfectly happy to verbally (and sometimes physically) spar with her.  They are both somewhat free-spirited so there is no awkwardness or implication to their actions, it is harmless good fun.
