<div class=char-sub-header>Appearance</div>  Rinn is what you might call 'standard looking'.  There's nothing exceptional about him, and there's nothing hideous either, and while he's reasonably tall he still definitely needs to pack on some size. 
  He's all pragmatism with his gear - sticking to humble leather traveling clothes that offer some protection against not only combat but also the elements - and he keeps style to the minimum.  Inside his own head, he looks dashing and impressive, but in reality these words would much more likely apply to Rack.
<div class=char-sub-header>Personality</div>  Rinn is the leader of the group, and spends much of his energy attempting to convince people that he's legitimate and deserving of the role.  Unfortunately, his best laid plans don't really work out as intended, whether due to numerous unforeseen circumstances... or insane team members.
  He is a young man, not entirely incompetent in most areas of adventuring, but of course inexperienced.  He grew up reading about great leaders and generals and was obsessed with the idea of commanding his own force one day, and so when he encounters any authority figure he immediately seeks to emulate them.
<div class=char-sub-header>Goals</div>  No fan of being held to others' standards and with no small amount of ambition, he decided he'd rather be out there getting paid to do something useful like killing monsters at the head of a squad of meat-heads than work in a cafe dishing out hot beverages to irritable customers.
  Being his own boss was one of the main motivations for Rinn to start his own adventuring organisation, and having that personal freedom was of paramount importance to him.
<div class=char-sub-header>Relationships</div>  While he takes his job seriously, it's tough to be the leader because Rinn would love to chum around with Rack and Brob in particular, who are usually having a good laugh and getting up to no good, but responsibility calls and a good leader must keep some distance between himself and his team to maintain authority.  That was the idea anyway, although his authority is not always respected.
  As a result, he is usually left dealing with Smim and his whittering and complaining - since Smim is officially the second in command.  A decision Rinn regrets often, but at the time it had felt necessary in order to secure some funding through Smim's rich papa.
  Rinn often comes to (verbal) blows with Sephra, who is strong-willed and sees herself more as an independent along for the ride than as a peon in the team.  She is regularly angered by events that pull them further into worsening situations, and turns that ire towards Rinn since it's ultimately his responsibility.
