<div class=char-sub-header>Appearance</div>  Smimsbing's wealthy and easy upbringing is evident from just a quick glance.  His clothing is nicer than everyone else's, he smells better, and his hands are soft and pink from never having done a day's genuine work in his life.
  He has the most expensive equipment thanks to daddy, but is very much the classic case of 'all the gear and no idea', as he is totally unprepared for life outside of a posh villa full of servants.  At the first sign of danger, toil, dirt, or confrontation, he begins quaking in his gentlemanly boots and looks for the first way out of the situation - though he rarely escapes.
  He's taller than Brob, though his lanky skeleton and awful posture (from a life spent hunched over reading terribly written comedies and fantasy novels) give him a weak and wilting appearance.  He wears his reddish-brown hair short and neat, not too dissimilar to Rack's fashionable mop, and he tries his darndest to grow a beard but only manages some shading of the upper lip and a few wisps on his cheeks.
<div class=char-sub-header>Personality</div>  In reality, Smim could be quite the handsome and well-to-do man if he bucked up and sorted himself out with some exercise and some socialising practice - but his problem is he's too scared to even begin and too lazy to follow through if he even got started!
  Instead, he generally seeks to evade the difficulties of life.  Shrinking back into the crowd in the hopes that somebody else steps forward or is chosen, staying quiet in the hope of never being noticed.  Though this strategy may indeed help him dodge some unpleasantness in the short term, it inevitably prevents him from unlocking the best version of himself.
<div class=char-sub-header>Goals</div>  When it comes to the professional side of things, Smim doesn't really have much of a role.  Rinn brought him on board because of the potential for using him as a source of money - and because at the time he also didn't have anybody else in his planned adventuring organisation.  Smim does try to be useful, mostly by acting as a sort of assistant and clerk, but he usually just gets in the way.  When it comes to the fighting he's worse than useless, much to the amusement of Brob and Rack.
<div class=char-sub-header>Relationships</div>  Smim tries in vain to buddy up with the two older men because he desperately wants to be one of the boys, but it doesn't really work out for him since he is just far too different.  They are rough-around-the-edges banter-brawlers while Smim is a polite and proper manner-monger.  That doesn't stop him from trying though, and why should it?
  In his interactions with the rest of the group Smim varies greatly.  He adores and respects Trufty and is the only member who is really impressed by his claims of knighthood and glory and honour and all that.
  Conversely, he is intimidated by Sephra.  She is everything he is not - confrontational, strong-willed, streetwise, and chummy with Rack and Brob.  She does seem to have something of a soft spot for him though, and often helps him silently out of any jams he finds himself in.  When it came to his crush on Arissa, Sephra tried to help Smim past the first hurdle in her own blunt way, and while it nearly gave him a heart attack, he appreciated it all the same.
  Ahh Arissa.  Smim is deeply fascinated by her and would give anything to eat delicious eight course meals with her on the family estate.  She's from a similar background, so he feels that he may have more in common with her.  Of course he actually doesn't, and if she weren't so adorable he'd probably be the first to mock her for her belief in magic crystals... but sacrifices must be made for true love right?
