<div class=char-sub-header>Appearance</div>  Though he has the glorious mane of hair and angular, almost beautiful facial structure that one might expect, 'Sir' Lymon Truft is a little lacking in the physical stature department.  He's got just about enough height, but there's no way he'd stand in a shield wall and hold his ground against a legion of minotaur weightlifters.  There is potential there, but he is young and not properly conditioned to physical hardship yet - that's why he's in an adventuring organisation after all, to get experience and training.
<div class=char-sub-header>Personality And Goals</div>  Trufty is a pretty unique individual.  His first priority when meeting new people is to inform them that he is a knight - although of course he is only a knight-in-self-training and not actually qualified yet.  This puts a certain image in their head when people hear it, and when they take in the majesty that is Trufty they become confused.  He is not the typical knightly figure by a long stretch.
  When it comes to combat, Trufty is certainly not afraid to tell everyone how unafraid he is of facing down evil, though he is not particularly skilled or proven.  He does have one advantage however, in that he wields an heirloom sword that was passed down to him by his father, a true knight of the Order of the White Swan of Goldlilyhampton-on-blythe.  Though it's a little on the old fashioned side, the sword is a magnificent piece of craftsmanship and has seen his father through many great battles with it's wonderful balance and enduring edge.  Some might say it was wasted on Trufty, but the young knight-to-be has plenty of time and opportunity to earn it.
  One other knightly possession that Trufty has is his mighty steed, Horace Winghoof.  A gallant horse that has more combat experience than the rest of the group combined.
  Alas poor Horace has seen better days and, were he human, he'd be busy sitting in a rocking chair and soiling himself as he waited for death's final embrace.  That didn't stop Rinn recruiting Trufty pretty much entirely for his horsey accolades - it was purely an image thing.  If you wanted to be a serious adventurer, you had to have a horse.
<div class=char-sub-header>Relationships</div>  Trufty is a pretty unique individual.  His first priority when meeting new people is to inform them that he is a knight - although of course he is only a knight-in-self-training and not actually qualified yet.  This puts a certain image in their head when people hear it, and when they take in the majesty that is Trufty they become confused.  He is not the typical knightly figure by a long stretch.
  Among the group, Trufty is humoured by the more experienced Brob and Rack who sometimes give him a good-natured ribbing.  Since Trufty remains un-phased by their jokes, they respect him more and trust him any time it comes to the crunch.
  Smim is very impressed with Trufty, being so sheltered and naive that he actually thinks Trufty's dance moves constitute genuine sword skills and having read all of the stories of great knights as a child.  Rinn and Sephra are less impressed, though the captain trusts Trufty and appreciates his unshakeable commitment to 'the good fight' and general morality.  It was a good balancing force against the general naughtiness of the rest.  Something about his personality gives his moralising and grandiose statements about honour a serious sense of conviction.
  Arissa is of course Trufty's closest friend and confidant, and they are often to be found locked into a vortex of gossip and sassy chatter, especially after any exciting new information is discovered.  They like to talk about boys a lot of the time.
