  Baarnaby is an extremely unusual character for one exquisitely good reason.  He's not human.  Nor is he of 'this' world.  He's something you can only describe as a sheep-man.
  That's not easy to live with.  He's the only one of his kind in this "dimension", and he's not totally sure how he arrived here.  However, this does not stop him from being a conscientious and serious worker at the secret government facility, the Hall of Heroes, where Chauncey the wizard also works.  He has been confined to that building for the duration of his stay since he would cause a great amount of trouble with the population if he was ever seen by any regular citizen - since basically none of them even think magic is real, never mind dimension travelling sheep men!
  Most would find this kind of innocent imprisonment to be intolerable, but Baarnaby seems content to accept what he's told and follow on for the greater good.  This doesn't mean he's some kind of pushover however, as he is a powerful warrior.  Back in his home he is known as a 'Woolguard' - an elite warrior whose life's duty and purpose is to protect The Flock.
  He is powerfully built, with strange and awkward-looking proportions (to a human eye at least) but definite athletic ability.  His ability to jump alone is unmatched by any person living or dead, and his skill with a polearm is impressive to behold.  His personality reflects this discpline and devotion to warfare, and he is a very stern and deliberate being.
  Though he is less wooly than his sheepier cousins, his body does retain a decent covering of short, coarse wool that seems part way between evolving from wool to short hair.  It is enough to keep him warm, and as such he has never worn clothing - they don't have it back home and he's never cold anyway.  This covering of coarse wool is mostly around the torso and pelvic region, however there is some framing his face with a kind of hair-beard combo.
  The face in question is much flatter than a human's, and covered in very short but dense black fur, giving him a dark and intimidating demeanour (especially given his abnormal height too).  His eyes are quite disturbing for a human to look at, because the visible parts are largely made up of a yellow iris surrounding an oddly-shaped pupil.  They look very much like regular sheep eyes, but they have the quick intelligence and awareness of human eyes, and that level of familiarity combined with the alien is uncanny.
  Baarnaby sees it as his mission to assist the humans in researching the travel between dimensions and worlds, especially since he believes he was brought to the human world for a purpose.  He could go home at any time, but he sees it as his duty to be the cultural bridge between the world and so he remains since nobody has yet figured out how to reliably make it back from the sheep world to the human.
  In his time spent with the humans he has come to respect them and see in them a camaraderie that leads him to trust them.  Their desire to look out for the 'flock' reminds him of the Woolguards, and he feels quite at home among types like Chief Biggins who are militaristic.

