  Chief of the watch, The Honourable Sir Haigener Montsley Biggins, veteran of a hundred campaigns and survivor of a thousand battles, owner of one of the most exquisite moustaches in the business.  A lot can be said of this man, though the first thing that jumps to mind is that despite a larger than life existence, the man himself is rarely larger than anything.  His diminutive stature may be amusing, but don't let him catch you disrespecting him because he'll rinse you out like a hot flannel and give you a lesson in violence you won't soon forget!
  Discipline and structure are Chief Biggins' religion, the army is his wife, and shoring up fresh troops and making them battle-ready is his bread and butter - although in his current role he's actually in charge of the city guard rather than a military branch, but he doesn't let that stop him.
  Unable to speak in anything less than a parade-ground-deafening roar, Biggins is rarely ignored or misheard.  A few recruits have joked that it's insecure compensation for his height - and they would probably be right - but they inevitably regretted it when they got a severe beasting for their impertinence.  Respect for the chain of command is an imperative for Biggins, who keeps to the old fashioned rules and decorum befitting any military gentleman.
  In a constant state of semi-paranoia, most likely due to repeated battle trauma, the Chief is always ready for battle.  He is decked in the finest armour money can buy and is never seen without at least his vicious mace that has seen to the cracking of many bones.  The crowning glory of his outfit is the massively plumed helmet he wears (as and when proper etiquette allows of course) which does add a fair amount to his height, but really makes his insecurity quite obvious.  It also helps the grunts find him in the heat of battle, so that's usually what polite people tell themselves it's about.
  New members of the city guard are drilled until their feet bleed as though total war with some unknown enemy is just around the corner, and that elite fighting troops must be readied - and the squad are no exception.  When they met, Biggins gave them a thorough inspection and found them all sadly dissappointing apart from Brob - and he was clearly being biased because Brob was both short and well-moustachiod.  Of course biggins would love him!
  Due to his ludicrous amount of experience and self confidence, Biggins is not only just the Chief of the watch but is also the consulting leader of secret government missions and investigations, and as such is constantly tormenting far more intelligent people with his lethal combination of micro-management and breathtakingly dull military anecdotes.  It doesn't win him any friends, but when you've got boot polish, a clothes iron and a sewing kit who needs friends!?

