  Sephra is a tenacious young woman.  Having grown up on the horriffic Bog Street, she had to learn fast that if you didn't look out for yourself then you would be shivved and robbed faster than you can say "please don't shiv and rob me".  Many come out of such an upbringing with varying degrees of trauma - and as such, terrible personality disorders and behavioural problems.  Sephra, however, seems to have developed quite successfully all things considered - although she does have her quirks.
  She's short, but feisty and strong for her size and she's certainly not afraid to get flying in amongst the melee if anything goes down.  She doesn't really know what she's doing in a fight but more than makes up for it with her enthusiasm and survivor's spirit.
  Her clothing is the first thing you'd notice about her, with it's hodge-podge and uncoordinated look and it's strange dangling accesories.  It's not really clear why Sephra hangs strange little items from her hair and her clothing but she seems to like it and nobody dares question it.
  Her rag-tag appearance is reminscient of Rack's, whom she seems to naturally get along with as if they had been lifelong friends - probably due to them both being streetwise folk from poor backgrounds.
  Unlike the rest of the squad, Sephra didn't really join up for the myths, money and maidens.  She tagged along on the promise of some quick cash and some reagent collection to stock up her alchemy lab - and so when things get tough this is ever present in her mind.  Why should she be in such danger and stupid situations when she didn't even want to be an adventurer?
  Nevertheless, she serves as an alchemist for the group - whatever that means.  Back in her shop of knick-knacks and apothecary tat, where she'd normally much rather be, she has her own alchemy lab that is her true passion in life.  Though she has certainly tried, her main focus is not on turning cheaper metals to gold but instead on brewing the perfect alcoholic beverages.  She is a connosieur of alcohol and has taken brewing to a near-magical level, where here special home brew seems capable of boosting morale and easing hangover symptoms - despite it's horrendous taste.
  While out on the road she frequently comes into confrontations with Bydalo, mostly as she needs somewhere to vent her frustrations with being dragged away to silly places, and since Bydalo is the one supposedly in charge he is the one that catches hell - but she is not really angry with him.
  Generally Sephra gets along well with people despite her rough edges, however she has a grudge with Arissa that burns deep within her and will not let up - no matter how many scrapes they get into together.  Something about the prissy, rich, girly Arissa simply grinds Sephra's gears to an intolerable degree, and it frequently boils over into shouting matches and fisticuffs!

