Bydalo is the leader of the group and attempts to convince people that he's legitimate and deserving of the role.  Unfortunately, his best laid plans don't really go as intended, whether due to numerous unforeseen circumstances or insane team members or his own bad decisions.
  He is a young man, not entirely incompetent in most areas of adventuring, but inexperienced.  He grew up reading about great leaders and generals and was obsessed with the idea of commanding his own force one day.  When it came time to get a job, he decided he'd rather be out there getting paid to do something useful like kill monsters at the head of a squad of meat-heads than work in a cafe dishing out hot beverages to irritable customers.
  When he first began, he didn't really think too far ahead about silly things like needing to know how to fight, or actually doing research into what kind of responsibilities an adventuring organisation and its captain may have.  That could all come later!
  His gear is much more sensible than the rest of his squad, probably because he takes his role a lot more seriously and is very conscious of ‘looking the part' as well as being the part.  He travels in decent quality leathers that were designed to last a lifetime of marching across frozen hills and through murky bogs, so at the very least he's prepared for rough weather conditions - and fairly well protected from dangers to boot.
  Next to the likes of Rack, Bydalo looks short but in actuality is reasonably tall.  He has a slight build but is a little more ‘capable' looking than Trufty and Smim who are both on the scrawnier side.  When it comes to violence, Bydalo usually takes up arms with Brob and Rack doing the majority of the heavy lifting while Trufty likes to use his Unicorn Shield to look after the others more.
  It's tough being the leader because Bydalo would love to chum around with Rack and Brob in particular, who are usually having a good laugh and getting up to no good - however responsibility calls, and a good leader must keep some distance between himself and his team to maintain authority.  That was the idea anyway, although his authority is not always respected.
  As a result, he is usually left dealing with Smim and his whittering and complaining - since Smim is officially the second in command.  A decision Bydalo regrets often, but at the time felt necessary in order to secure some funding through Smim's rich papa.
  Bydalo often comes to (verbal) blows with Sephra, who is strong-willed and sees herself more as an independent along for the ride than as a peon in the team.  She is regularly angered by events that pull them further into worsening situations, and turns that ire towards Bydalo as it is ultimately his responsibility.
