The Pantaloons is the place to be.  If you're poor, desperate to escape reality, and don't worry too much about having your teeth knocked out in a brawl that is.
  Everyone who's no-one in the poorer parts of the city hangs out in The Pantaloons when they've got spare pennies for a beverage, and it's a thriving den of debauchery, violence and sin.  Most people are friendly and on the lookout for good drinking buddies, but occasionally things do get heated and a fight breaks out - usually resulting in lots of broken tables and drinking vessels.  Once upon a time it's rumoured that they had glasses for drinking out of, but those halcyon days are long past and stained wooden mugs are the norm.
  It's a fairly sizable bar, with plenty of seating for groups of comrades to be gathered around tables, planning out their next mugging or discussing what colour to paint their kitchen.  By the bar are some stools for the lonely problem drinkers who say strange things and make everyone uncomfortable, but who are valued customers since they pay for their booze pretty reliably!
  The bar itself is of sturdier construction than everything else, looking as much like a barricade for the protection of the staff as anything else.  Hidden away behind it are the kegs and bottles of various poisons that these staff members administer to their thirsty patrons - with some actually stretching into quite high price ranges.  Most of those bottles are very dusty since nobody can usually afford them.
  When it comes to entertainment, The Pantaloons crew do make something of an effort, hiring the occasional musical troupe to try and class the place up a little bit - though usually people much prefer the famed dancing ladies who gyrate and bedazzle with their curvacious talents.  As such they get hired much more often and are a regular attraction.
  While the inside of the pub has the classic smell of tobacco, spilled beer and crushed dreams, the outside is noticeably worse due to the pools of vomit that never get cleaned up and the coagulated blood from whoever caught the worst of a recent fight and got chucked through a window.  None of this does anything to deter the faithful carousing clientele however, but that's perhaps because they have nowhere else to be rather than because they love the place so much.  Either way, it's a model successul business and pillar of the community.
